{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16460\viewh13460\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This repository includes csv exports for the various GSP and rating experiments in the harmony project. \
\
### GSP ###\
1. harmonic_GSP_trdiii.csv - GSP over triads with harmonic tones\
2. stretched_GSP_trdstr2.csv - GSP over triads with stretched tones (inharm = 2.1)\
3. compressed_GSP_trdcmp.csv - GSP over triads with compressed tones (inharm = 1.9)\
4. harmonic_GSP_3db_trdh3d.csv - GSP over triads with 3dB roll off harmonic tones\
5. stretched_GSP_3db_trds3d.csv - GSP over triads with 3dB roll off stretched tones (inharm = 2.1)\
6. compressed_GSP_3db_trdc3d.csv - GSP over triads with 3dB roll off compressed tones (inharm = 1.9)\
7. tmb_int_gsp_mixintm.csv - 7D GSP over timbre and triads in the range [0.5,7.5] with 15x KDE aggregation and sigma = 0.3. Dims v1-2 are intervals, v3-6 weight of partials 2-5, v7 is overall amplitude (volume).\
\
\
### Rating ###\
1. harmonic_dyad_dyrate.csv - Harmonic dyad rating (12dB/octave roll off)\
2. pure_dyad_purdyrt.csv - Pure dyad rating\
3. gamelan_dyad_gamdyrt.csv - Gamelan dyad rating\
3. rolloff_dyad_rodyrt.csv - Roll off vs. Harmonic dyad rating\
4. timbre_3rdhar_har3rate.csv - Chords with and without 3rd harmonic rating\
5. tuning_4_tun4b.csv - pleasantness ratings around major third in the range 4+-0.25\
6. tuning_4_tun3p9.csv - pleasantness ratings around major third in the range 3.9+-0.25, harmonic, 3dB ro\
7. tuning_4_tunp39.csv - pleasantness ratings around major third in the range 3.9+-0.25, pure\
8. tuning_9_tun8p9.csv - pleasantness ratings around major sixth in the range 8.9+-0.25, harmonic, 3dB ro\
9. tuning_9_tunp89.csv - pleasantness ratings around major sixth in the range 8.9+-0.25, pure\
10. tuning_12_tunoch.csv - pleasantness ratings around octave in the range 12+-0.25, harmonic, 3dB ro\
11. tuning_12_tunocp.csv - pleasantness ratings around octave in the range 12+-0.25, pure\
12. rating_dyh3dd.csv - Harmonic dyad rating (3dB/octave roll off)\
13. rating_dys3dd.csv - Stretched dyad rating (3dB/octave roll off, 2.1 inharmonicity)\
14. rating_dyc3dd.csv - Compressed dyad rating (3dB/octave roll off, 1.9 inharmonicity)\
15. rating_piano_harmonic_harpno.csv - Joint piano and harmonic dyad rating experiment\
16. rating_guitar_harmonic_hargtr.csv -  Joint guitar and harmonic dyad rating experiment\
17. rating_flute_harmonic_harflt.csv -  Joint flute and harmonic dyad rating experiment\
18. rating_w3rdd.csv - dyad rating experiment with ~[1,1,1,1,1] timbre.\
19. rating_wo3rdd.csv - dyad rating experiment with ~[1,1,0,1,1] timbre.\
20. tuning_9_t128p9_12db.csv - ratings around major sixth in the range 8.9+-0.25, harmonic, 12dB ro\
21. tuning_12_t12och_12db.csv - ratings around octave in the range 12+-0.25, harmonic, 12dB ro\
22. tuning_4_t12d3p9_12db.csv - ratings around major third in the range 3.9+-0.25, harmonic, 12dB ro\
\
\
\
\
\
}